<b>Introduction</b><br>
Germany suffered from a severe drought in 2018. According to the German Drought Monitor1 operated by the “Helmholtz-Centre for Environmental Research” (UFZ) the soil moisture in the upmost 180 cm of soil has still not recovered. Particularly in Eastern Germany as well as Bavaria the drought index yet reveals exceptional droughts until today.
Your task is to analyse the drought in 2018 in comparison to the years 2016 and 2017 utilising different data sources and tools. The underlying hypotheses2 are:
1. The drought affects vegetation and the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) shows the effects on vegetation.
2. The drought is related to the cumulative precipitation CP (i.e. the precipitation sum) over the last year. There is a correlation between CP and NDVI.
3. The drought is related to the average temperature AT over the last year. There is a correlation between AT and NDVI as well as AT and CP.

<b>Task Overview</b><br>
Investigate whether there is a correlation between calculated spectral indices, temperature, and precipitation of specific areas in the region of Xanten. Your research aims to contribute to a better understanding of the effects (if any) of these climatological observations in the vegetation indices derived from satellite imagery during the summer periods between 2016 and 2018. You are given a research question: Is the NDVI correlated with temperature and/or precipitation? Additional research questions or hypotheses by you are welcome!<br>
The tasks will be performed using the tools learned during your Geoinformatics course to retrieve, manipulate and display the data needed for this investigation. You will use Python to download and pre-process temperature and precipitation data from German Weather Service (DWD). Additionally, you will acquire the required datasets for your research, such as multispectral imagery, from reliable sources. Finally, you will use QGIS to load, process, and produce the results needed for your analysis.<br>
The determination of NDVI is restricted to certain predefined regions of interests (ROIs) given as a polygon vector layer. Each student working group will work on its own subset of ROIs. Each student group (group A to Z) is assigned a particular subset of ROIs to, i.e. a predefined set of polygons in the Xanten area. The assignment between group ID and ROI polygon IDs is provided through a file the GitLab repository.<br>
<b>For more information see the File(pdf): </b>
